Report to the Prime Minister
The official collected the harem of the spoiled king
Illegal establishment of criminal law
adulterous mother
Appointment of eunuchs
Ignoring the government and other real evidence
Push King Jin out
Add another charge of shooting Zou to the unconscious king
Prime Minister
King Jin is our ally
The King of Jin has completed his book
What's more, King Jin is alive
When will David be the old man's turn?
The prime minister can hand in time
I'll do it now
something to start
retreat without incident
Your Majesty, talk about how you die
Collusion between the Northern Yuan and Japan
Prepare for external cooperation
Intent to subvert the kingdom
Haven't I already copied King Jin's house?
How dare he collude with the Northern Yuan and Japan?
I copied the Jin Palace because of His Majesty's decree
King Nesjin holds a grudge
Please invite members to visit Japan
Rise up in secret
Day and night defense
Home in the South
He King Jin is so brave
Your Majesty, the Sin of King Jin
Sin is unforgivable
Today he dares to be courteous to foreign countries
Tomorrow he will dare to usurp the throne
Your Majesty, please execute him
To respect Xiaoyao
King Zhu Jin became prime minister
This is to kill me together
Your Majesty
I swore to Su Hai
Pass on my hand
King Jin colluded with the Northern Yuan and Japan
Xia Zhaoyu Qiufu failed
All fools are moldy
It's Your Majesty, Your Majesty's fame